1. need to add options to enter for different days if i forget yesterday and also edit entered data for previous dates and today
2. Need to review progress board and see what makes sense, add water tracking showing trend vs goal and normal, weight watching etc
3. able to see for any day the details of what was entered, weekly, daily monthly view to be changed as i want to go back history. weekly view should be Monday to Sunday, monthly view showing whole month from 1. to end of months we could also add view last 7 days and last 30 days. Default view last 7 days.
4. add UI improvements, need to summarize all, for example, Menu on the left should float when I scroll down. Also, on the bottom left, the user sign-in should float as well when I scroll down. We should add some more animations, scrolling animations, button animations so it looks more professional and more designed. Need to get proper web libraries from the UI skills and get the whole site much more animated, with transitions, 3D effects, and so on. 
5. When I add an item and then I log a new one, the previous one is still showing in the log new one window, which is not nice because I need to manually delete before adding the new one.
So when I add a new item, it should show an empty input field. 
6. When I have multiple items added per day, it shows per item the calories, but all the elements like protein only show for the whole day. I don't really see per item how that's added up. So
  I would like to see that in the ledger dashboard.
7. would be nice to generate a picsture with nanobanana for the library items
8. For the library, right now, when I add a new item, if I choose the library, it has frequent items, recent items, and high protein. Whatever I press, it shows all of them, so the filter doesn't work properly.
The three tabs should be all items, frequent items, and high protein. All items should show everything so I can filter there, and that should be the default view. Frequent items should show the last three entries, and high protein should check all the library items that actually have high protein and only show those.
It would also be good to show the protein amount for each item in that list. 
9. When logging a meal and doing the parsing, the AI comes back to log the meal. Now, it tells me about the portion, and I can do plus or minus one, which I assume is the portion. But then, after that, I can see a number, for example, six, and I have no idea what that is.
That number can be increased or decreased, but I need to understand what it is and why it's there. Also, when we're logging a meal, before pressing save to the ledger, it would be good if it also detailed the different details about protein, carbs, and other elements we're recording. 
10. When checking the progress, we need to update many things there. For example, for minor elements this week, or elements this week, it shows fiber and protein but doesn't show carbs and fat. Basically, it should show all elements, not just minor elements, in that heat table. 
11. When we have the library and we have all the foods, we could also add a feature there for the actual food to generate a recipe and download the recipe. And let's use English language to do that. for the recipe we will use ai
12. mobile view is not godo we need to improve and redefine so it has mobile experience
13. new feature for adding calendar to dashboard, could select any day current day or in past and edit it. it needs to show day selected on dashboard and flag it if its current day or past. should have button show current day quickly. 
14. need to check about picture input does it work at all or very buggy and if it is probably remove it
15. add ai pictures to library items, possible recipe generation?
16. possible to add BAC levels and that need to refresh and every time we refresh page and also add refresh button it should be next to drinks and when logging alcohol needs to check the time it was logged vs the current time. BAC should refresh every time page is reloaded or dashboard clicked should also update every 60 minutes if possible and also add manual refresh button
17. So for adding new food, we will not have the three options. We should remove the image capture because it's not reliable, we can still test it.  
As for the library and adding new items, that should be the same. So by default, we're going to show the library. It's going to be a multi-page, 10 items per page.
You can filter for it, so you can easily select your past items. And then there will be an option to add new items, and that's what will invoke the new food item with AI. So by default, if we have already a food in library, we just add it manually—we don't need to have any AI for that.
18. When we add a new item with AI and then it gets back all the information about calorie and the nutrition value and why is that, we, before adding that item, we also going to add an option with a button where we're going to say manual override and when we do the manual override that will enable editing all the value and the name which will add to the library before we add. We Do that. Also, with the library item "CRUD Operations" from the Library panel, we'll have a similar option for editing existing items, but that should be done by the library "CRUD Operation".
19. We'll need to review all the AI-related operations, which gives a weekly summary and also sends a welcome message. Right now, it says "welcome to your first post" all the time. So we need to review all the different places where we would use AI and make sure that they are correctly analyzing data and providing something useful.
20. As for the progress, right now we have day, week, month. Basically, we're going to change it to week, month, and custom. If we don't need a daily view, the week and month will be effectively last 7 days and last 30 days.  It needs to be clearly displayed what the date range we are showing is, and it should be highlighted so the user can clearly read it. As for the custom range, it will open a calendar panel where the user can select start and end date, and it will calculate all the progress data for that period and display it. 
21. At the dashboard, currently we can only see the current date. We cannot see history or edit any past dates. So you need to add a date icon on which you can click. It will display the calendar and you can select past days or the current day. You cannot select future date. 
So when you select a different date, it will show that day. Obviously, any historically entered data is there, which can be edited or deleted. New data can be added, so we can modify past things.
It will then go to the database and update progress and everything. On the dashboard, it needs to be clearly shown what the current day view is. Is it present day or past, so the user can see that they are editing another day?  There should also be a separate button when we're showing a past day, to reset the view for today and so it clearly shows that. On that, it will show the today view. But if we're showing the current day, then obviously you don't need to show that button.
22. when register and profiles, lets use birthday with calendar and not actual ask for age...
23. update settings page and add more options
24. update UI with more animations and it looks nicer
25. add features about alchol intake and report back on alcohol trends and flagging issues etc
26. when i click on mobile the profile, those buttons dont work including the log out
27. when i click on calenda or today there is no loading icon until its loaded
28. when loading to ledger the amount or serving is not correct or doesn't make sense